analysis in indoor 3D ray launching algorithm” (paper ID: 250) has been
ACCEPTED for presentation at the EMC EUROPE 2020 | Rome - International
Symposium on Electromagnetic Compatibility.

Please do not forget to submit your final paper before May 20, 2020. In the
preparation of the final manuscript, please, follow the instructions available
at http://www.emceurope2020.org/authors/. You can find below the reviewers’
comments for your paper. Please take them into account in the preparation of
your final manuscript.

In order to be included in the conference program, at least one author for
each paper must register. The registration fee allows any author to submit a
maximum of two papers. All papers presented at the conference are published in
the IEEE Xplore digital library.

A large number of papers (320) has been submitted for presentation at EMC
EUROPE 2020. 281 papers have been peer reviewed by an International Editorial
Board composed by 144 EMC experts. Another 35 papers, accepted for
presentation at APEMC Sydney 2020, have been relocated to EMC Europe 2020 Rome
after the cancellation of the Sydney Conference. At the end of the review
process, 292 papers from 39 countries have been accepted for presentation at
EMC Europe 2020 in oral and poster sessions. The Technical Program will also
include 10 Special Sessions, 12 Workshops, 2 Discussion Forums, 1 Industrial
Forum and 3 Tutorials.

Covid-19 situation: EMC Europe 2020 is still scheduled to be held as planned.
Given the current health situation, the registrations have not been opened yet
and the advanced registration deadline will be postponed as changes in the
conference schedule may be needed. Please, check frequently the conference
website for updates.

In the hope that the COVID-19 emergency and related restrictions won't last
long, I look forward to seeing you in Rome!

Best regards,
Francesca Maradei
TPC Chair, EMC EUROPE 2020
____________________________________________________

CONTRIBUTION DETAILS
\--------------------
ID: 250
Title: Convergence analysis in indoor 3D ray launching algorithm


REVIEW RESULT OF THE PROGRAM COMMITTEE:
This contribution has been accepted.



OVERVIEW OF REVIEWS
\-------------------

Review 1
========

Contribution of the Submission
\------------------------------
The authors seem to present an approach for preprocessing of EM scenario that
is to be simulated with ray tracing. Electromagnetic analysis of complex
scenarios with ray tracing is of interest in EMC community.


Evaluation of the Contribution
\------------------------------
Quality of Content (30%): 4
Significance    (20%): 6
Originality    (30%): 2
Presentation    (20%): 2
Total points (out of 100): 34


Comments for the Authors
\------------------------
Thematic Relevance  : Close enough

Overall Recommendation: Lean towards rejection (low quality)

English should be improved throughout the manuscript. For example "...these
methods are accuracy..." should be "...these methods are accurate...".

The authors should clarify most of the formulas - starting from (1) most of
formulas seem to be pulled out of the thin air.

The numerical example, used in section III should be well defined, explained
and the analysis setup should be described in details so that results can be
cross-checked.





-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-


Review 2
========

Contribution of the Submission
\------------------------------
This paper presents a convergence analysis of ray tracing based on
statistically
studying digital data of indoor scenario. Study aims to obtain the appropriate
upper limit value of reflection number to improve the efficiency of RT without
losing accuracy.


Evaluation of the Contribution
\------------------------------
Quality of Content (30%): 6
Significance    (20%): 6
Originality    (30%): 6
Presentation    (20%): 6
Total points (out of 100): 60


Comments for the Authors
\------------------------
Thematic Relevance  : Definitely relevant

Overall Recommendation: Probably accept (good quality)

It is interesting work, but what kind of ray tracing tool is used to validate
convergence model? Are two simple situations enough for the validation of the
model?




-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-


Review 3
========

Contribution of the Submission
\------------------------------
The paper deals with ray tracing


Evaluation of the Contribution
\------------------------------
Quality of Content (30%): 6
Significance    (20%): 6
Originality    (30%): 6
Presentation    (20%): 4
Total points (out of 100): 56


Comments for the Authors
\------------------------
Thematic Relevance  : Close enough

Overall Recommendation: Lean towards acceptance (borderline quality)

English is not good.
Originality should be highlighted